so after the events of episode 2 with
jabo being killed and lamar working his
way back to the top of the game there's
going to be some consequences because
before jaime was killed he made a move
on another territory that belonged to
meech and terry the 12th street boys now
have control over the rec center and
meech already gave this territory to
them when they were making more than
half their earnings in the first episode
so this is going to hit their pockets
even more going into episode 3 which is
why we see pat demanding his money from
meech now the foundations of
relationship is trust and trust is
definitely going to be tested as lamar
keeps testing this as he approaches cato
terry is going to roll with an iron fist
from now on as we see him out of
hospital for the first time with an eye
patch and mitch is beginning to get a
clear picture of everyone so we're going
to paint the picture of episode 3's
trailer and break it down as usual but
of course if you're new to the channel
and you haven't done so already then
remember to smash the subscriber and if
you don't see everything bmf and power
universe related let's get straight into
this trailer for episode three and start
with pat lange on the table for meech he
told him that this is your alarm clock
because if he doesn't get his money in
six days he's gonna make it rain and
following the first two episodes meech
is a big issue and he's gonna have to
think fast on how to make money quickly
because in episode 1 we saw him giving
up some territory to jmo and his crew
after terry pulled a strap on them at
their meeting but he didn't just give
away any old territory it was where they
were making more than half their
writings on top of this when terry was
in hospital he took his most trusted
soldiers off the streets to protect his
family and had some goons to take over
despite being mickey warning him the
hiring goons is a bad idea and because
of this the rec center was taken by the
12th street boys who paid off the goons
and the 50 boys have now been moved out
so there goes another spot where meech
was making money and to top it all off
their stash house which was compromised
by a homeless man resulted in them
losing even more money six thousand
dollars worth so it is fair to say him
being kicked out of the house and terry
being in hospital losing one eye is the
least of their worries because pat will
be waking me chubb with a gun if he
doesn't get his money now pat is an og
the rules have always been the same with
him there ain't no other way he's old
school but even if he has this real
affection for meech who he taught
everything he knows about the drug game
too he won't make any exceptions when it
comes to his money and we still need to
see how pat will react to mitch and
terry's idea of them going solo so they
are definitely building up to this so
with pat breathing down meech's neck
he's gonna have to come up with
something fast and that's what he's
going to do next week because meech and
terry are going to set up an undercover
operation using a food truck to sell
their drugs to factory workers and as
the 48 laws of power teaches us the
powerful are often youth who show
creativity and express new ideas and
these ideas could lead them to gaining
power because they're willing to think
outside of the box and change you have
to constantly be adapting to changing
situations and circumstances just like
how in episode one their product wasn't
selling so they designed a new protein
batch of product which worked and then
you fresh ideas which you're definitely
gonna see more of throughout this season
and their youth is what is gonna allow
them to rise to the top and become kings
so as terry and meech work on their new
idea terry's gonna be out of hospital in
the next episode with an eye patch
because of course we all know he's gonna
lose an eye after the botched surgery
which charles said he's going to file a
lawsuit for and this is something that
actually happened in real life where he
then used the money to start car rental
place and he had gadgets and secret
compartments in all of their cars that
only a few people knew how to open and
locate and something that was
foreshadowed in the last episode with
the mickey's secret compartment which
revealed his gun but as terry said he's
going to be rolling with an iron fist
and he's going to be a changed man after
him being shot he's someone who's going
to have his head on a constant swivel
from now on after he let his guard down
in the very first episode and in this
game letting your guard down for even a
moment can cost you which is what we've
spoken about before on this channel with
various other characters but the same
concept applies here you really can't
let your guard down for a second cato
did this and it cost them an eighth
which was six thousand dollars worth of
product so let's talk about kato next
because this isn't the first time rich
has told her how it is in the very first
episode k2 was trying to use their
initiative and slice their prices to
start selling more because nobody was
buying it at their prices which was set
up fifty dollars for a bag of crack and
she got told do what they say or get the
on but then you put a batch of
crack came from cato slashing her prices
something we spoke about with the 48
laws of power earlier on but in episode
2 she was told again this time by meech
he said that they need to get rid of her
because every time some happens
she's right in the middle of it and from
what we know from her character
description she's someone who's carrying
a very dark secret and her dark secret
may start to be revealed in the next
episode because we see lamar trying to
attack michi's organization from the
inside when meech and slick were talking
he realized that me tried to attack the
12th street boys from the inside when he
approached flamel and tried to get him
to turn on jmo but that was never going
to happen because he was too loyal to
jmo but this is the same strategy that
lamar is going to try and use on meech
now we're gonna see him approaching cato
and asking her to start spilling and
lamar has already started making his
move to reclaiming the streets that were
once his by feeding this misinformation
about jmo being the one to order the hit
on terry and we saw b miki taking out
jmo while lamar took off flamel and
lamar definitely isn't finished and he
is one crazy character i do think his
character is only going to get darker
and even more crazier as the season goes
on and as the series goes on especially
once the beef between him and meech
starts picking up even more and i am
definitely looking forward to seeing
lamar even more i mentioned how scully
reminded me of tuko salamanca from
breaking bad during the snowfall reviews
and the way lamar just let off this
scream i really hope he's a character
that just shows us how equally crazy he
is so meech will definitely have to
watch his back because he's going to be
on a collision course with lamar but
let's talk about trust because the
foundation of our relationships is trust
but if you don't trust the one you're
with and they become a threat and those
were the words of oldham each as we saw
flashes of terry wonder charles and
lucille and charles questions lucille
how long have you known and how long has
she known what because we saw lucille
meeting with meech later on in this
trailer and after episode 2 charles has
really had enough of a meech first he
was dealing drugs then he got the blame
for the gun being in their house and now
he's getting a blame for terry being
shot and charles gave lucille no option
he told her that meech has to go from
their home because they have to stop
losing and lucille had to let mitch go
which is a very difficult decision that
she had to make he said that their job
is to protect their kids and they
haven't been doing this because the
drugs they were polluting their home and
how bad do the consequences have to be
what is something up to nicole as a
result of meech's actions so she had no
option but to tell meech that if he
chooses the game then he has to leave
their home but it won't stop me trying
to protect this family because that's
exactly what he said that he's gonna do
we know that they're behind on their
mortgage payments and i really wouldn't
be surprised if lucille accepted
michael's money because they do
desperately need this which is why
charles could be so angry in this
trailer he's made it clear once before
that he doesn't want any of meech's
money so him giving nicole money or even
possibly lucille for the mortgage this
will definitely cause further cracks in
a fractious relationship but then we get
lopez questioning detective brian what
is it about the flannery boys the hazy
acting's like some kind of priest and we
all know that detective brian has been
doing meech favors for cash in return he
also used to be his former basketball
coach but with jmo's body dropping when
he specifically told him just rough him
up nothing else he's going to be pissed
with meech because the last thing he
wants is dead bodies on the streets
which he then has to investigate and
cover up so that's just a breakdown of
episode three trailer and we're really
getting you to some action now so let's
just see how meech and terry play this
because they want to be kings of their
own kingdom and they can't do this
working on their path but first they
need to sort their issue out of them
losing a lot of territory and trying to
find a new way of shifting their product
and it's not going to be easy because
competition is thickening because of
lamar silas and he's going to be trying
to attack michi's organization from the
inside so let me know what you guys
think down below drop all your
predictions for episode 3 of bmf in the
comments section and of course if you're
new to the channel and you haven't done
so already remember to smash the
subscriber and you shouldn't see
everything bmf and power universe
related but as always thank you guys for
watching and i'll see you
next time